<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [\_createCeramic][1]
    *   [Parameters][2]
*   [\_authenticateCeramic][3]
    *   [Parameters][4]
*   [\_writeCeramic][5]
    *   [Parameters][6]
*   [\_readCeramic][7]
    *   [Parameters][8]
*   [\_decodeFromB64][9]
    *   [Parameters][10]

## \_createCeramic

Authenticate for Lit + Ceramic.
Creates a CeramicApi object on the ceramic testnet

### Parameters

*   `ceramicNodeUrl` **[string][11]** 

Returns **[Promise][12]\<CeramicApi>** ceramicPromise pass in \_createCeramic() promise

## \_authenticateCeramic

Authenticate for Lit + Ceramic.
This uses a wallet provider to interact with the user's wallet
Once the user has authorized, the address is retrieved and the
decentralized identity is created.  An IDX is also created for
convenience.

### Parameters

*   `ceramicPromise` **[Promise][12]\<CeramicApi>** pass in \_createCeramic() promise

Returns **[Promise][12]<[Array][13]\<any>>** Promise of ceramic IDX ID, ceramic object
and user's ETH Address

## \_writeCeramic

Write to Ceramic.  This function takes in an auth and what one would
like written and then sends it to a ceramic node in the proper format

### Parameters

*   `auth` **[Array][13]\<any>** is the authentication passed via the persons wallet
*   `toBeWritten` **[Array][13]\<any>** 
*   `array` **[Array][13]\<any>** of encrypted key, symkey, accessControlConditions, and chain

Returns **[Promise][12]<[string][11]>** promise with the ceramic streamID, can be used to look up data

## \_readCeramic

Write to Ceramic.  This function takes in an auth and what one would
like written and then sends it to a ceramic node in the proper format

for testing this function and understanding ceramic's read functionality better
see our README, Test Data section.  Also the Ceramic docs on Read Functionality!

### Parameters

*   `auth` **[Array][13]\<any>** is the authentication passed via the user's wallet
*   `streamId` **[String][11]** ID hash of the stream

Returns **[Promise][12]<[string][11]>** promise with the ceramic streamID's output

## \_decodeFromB64

Decode info from base64.  Data is stored in base64 to make upload to ceramic
more seamless.  This function decodes it so it can be decrypted with Lit in
the next step in the read and decrypt process

### Parameters

*   `response` **[string][11]** response received from ceramic streamID

[1]: #_createceramic

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #_authenticateceramic

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #_writeceramic

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #_readceramic

[8]: #parameters-3

[9]: #_decodefromb64

[10]: #parameters-4

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
